　　　　　　现在我们周围的环境污染越来越严重。作为一个中学生，我们应节约资源，保护环境，从我们身边的小事做起，做一个“低碳生活”的中学生。请以“My Low--carbon Life”为题，写一篇短文描述自己的“低碳生活”。　　内容包括：　　1。地球的污染越来越严重，我们能看到森林被砍伐、水污染和空气污染。　　2。你是怎样从身边小事做起，做到“低碳生活”的。如：每天步行上学、离开教室及时关灯和电扇、充分利用纸张、节约用水等。　　3。号召更多的人加入到“低碳生活”中来。　　作文要求：　　1。不能照抄原文；不得在作文中出现学校真实的名称和学生的真实姓名。　　2。语句连贯，词数80个左右。作文的题目已经给出，不计入总词数。　　My Low--carbon Life　　The environmental pollution is worse and worse today。　　　　My Low-carbon Life　　The environmental pollution is worse and worse today。 Many trees are cut down， and water and air are polluted。 As a student I try to have a low-carbon life to save energy and reduce pollution。　　Firstly， I often walk to school。 It can reduce air pollution。 Secondly， I always turn off the lights and fans when leaving the classroom。 Thirdly， I always make full use of paper and other school things and never waste water。　　I wish more students to join me and make the earth more and more beautiful。　　　　　　每当朋友之间即将分手的时候，耳边常常会响起这首歌“朋友啊朋友！你可曾想起了我，如果你正享受幸福，请你忘记我……”。请你以Friends为题，写一篇90词左右的短文，可以围绕主题适当展开，阐述交友的重要性和好处。　　　　Friends　　What are friends？ We often talk about the topic with others。 I think friends are those people who can help you when you are in trouble。 Don’t forget the saying， “A friend in need is a friend indeed。” Friends can tell you your mistakes， though what they say is hard for you to listen to。 You can share your happiness， trouble and worry with friends。 Someone also says， “You can’t walk any step without a friend。” So I think friends are very important to us。 I would like to make as many friends as possible。　　　　　　最近，你们班就“是否应该帮助陌生人”展开了讨论，同学们就这一话题意见不一，你的看法如何？根据所提供的信息，以“Should We Help Strangers？”为题，写一篇短文。　　要求：1）表达清楚，语法正确，上下文连贯；　　2）必须包括表格中所有的相关信息，并适当发挥；　　3）词数：100左右（征文的开头已给出，不计入总词数）；　　4）不得使用真实姓名、校名和地名等。　　参考词汇：美德virtue　　Should We Help Strangers？　　Recently our class had a discussion about whether we should help strangers.Different students have different opinions。　　　　Should We Help Strangers？　　Recently our class had a discussion about whether we should help strangers.Different students have different opinions。　　Some think we should try to help strangers。 Helping others is a virtue，and helping others is helping ourselves.We may come across some trouble and need others‘ help some day.If everyone isn’t willing to help us just because we are strangers to them，it‘s hard to imagine what our world will be like。　　However，some are afraid that helping others can sometimes bring us trouble.Sometimes we are just misunderstood and even have to pay the cost of kindness。　　In my opinion，we should try our best to help others when they are in need of help，but we should also protect ourselves from getting into trouble.If everyone tries a little kindness，our world will be full of love。　　　　　　某英语报开展“How to Deal with Our Study Problems”征文比赛，请你根据提示的内容，简要描述并适当发表自己的观点，写一篇英语短文。内容要点如下：　　1。 尽管我们常常感到有压力，但是应该找到合适的方式来解压。可以选择穿像蓝色和白色一样的冷色调来使我们自己感到放松；　　2。 我们应该足够细心，因为“失之毫厘，谬以千里”；　　3。 也应该在课业和业余爱好之间取得平衡，试着安排好自己的空余时间；　　4。 任何时候都不要失去信心。通过努力学习，我们会取得大的进步。　　5。 有问题时，我们…　　要求：1。 内容须包含所有要点，语句通顺，意思连贯；　　2。 词数90个左右；　　3。 第5点的内容需展开合理想象，用2句话补充完整。　　　　How to Deal with Our Study Problems　　Although we often feel stressed， we should find suitable ways to deal with stress。　　We can wear calm colours like blue and white to make us feel relaxed。 We should be careful enough， because “a miss is as good as a mile”。 We should also achieve a balance between schoolwork and hobbies。 Try to plan your spare time well。 Don’t lose heart at any time。 You will make great progress through hard work。　　When having problems， we can ask people around us for help。 It’s not wise to keep our worries to ourselves。　　　　　　学校英语社团在举办征文比赛，请你根据以下提示内容，写一篇题为“The Person Who Has Influenced Me Most”的英语文章。内容要点如下：　　1。 对我影响最大的人是我的妈妈，她四十几岁；　　2。 她总是耐心倾听我的问题，并建议我如何解决它们；　　3。 作为一名医生，她常说再怎么仔细也不为过。她总是加班，把她的大部分时　　间都奉献给了工作；　　4。 所以，我认为她不仅是位好妈妈，也是名好医生。　　5。 我希望 ……　　要求：1。 内容须包含所有要点，语句通顺，意思连贯；　　2。 词数90个左右；　　3。 第5点的内容需展开合理想象，用2-3句话补充完整。　　　　The Person Who Has Influenced Me Most　　My mother is the person who has influenced me most。　　She is in her forties。 She always listens to my problems patiently。 And she advises me how to solve them。 As a doctor， she often says she can’t be too careful。 She often works extra hours。 She has devoted most of her time to her work。 So I think she is not only a good mother but also a good doctor。　　I hope I can be a person like her。 I also hope she will pay more attention to her own health。 She’d better have more time to relax herself。　　　　　　假设不久前你们学校为贫困地区的孩子们筹款举办了一次慈善行活动。请据此在制定的位置上，以“Walk for children in poor areas”为题，为某中学生英文报写一篇报道，内容要点如下：　　1。 目的：为贫困地区的孩子们筹款　　2。 10月23日，星期六　　3。 路径：学校—市中心　　4。 简况：学生把自己分成四人一组，出发前计划好了一切，步行很艰辛，但活动过程中大家互相帮助，互相支持。最终在许多人的帮助下，筹得善款5万多元。　　5。 感受：每个人都很累，但都很高兴，因为…　　注意：1。 报道须包括所给内容要点，要求语句通顺，意思连贯；　　2。 第5要点的内容须用至少2句话展开合理想象，作适当发挥；　　3。 词数80个左右。　　　　Walk for children in poor areas　　Not long ago， our school organized a charity walk to raise money for children in poor areas。　　It was on Saturday， 23 rd October。 We walked from the school to the centre of the city。 Before the walk， we grouped ourselves into a team of four and planned everything well。 It was a hard （tough） work。 But during the walk， we supported and helped each other。 With the help of many people， we raised over （more than） 50，000 yuan in the end。　　We all felt tired， but we were very happy。 Because it was a meaningful experience and it was an excellent chance to learn team spirit。　　　　　　“保护环境，人人有责”，你想成为一名绿色使者吗？请行动起来吧！其实，环保就在我们身边。请以“How to Be a Greener Person” 为题，写一篇短文。　　注意：　　1。表达清楚，语句通顺，意思连贯，书写规范；　　2。短文词数90 左右。文章开头已给出，不计入总词数。　　参考词汇：draw， both sides of paper， plastics， water tap， collect， waste， can， sort　　How to Be a Greener Person？　　It’s our duty to protect our environment around us。　　　　How to be a greener person　　It’s our duty to protect the inviyonment around us。　　When we go to school， we should ride a bike or take a bus。 When we go out for activities， we shouldn’t step on the grass。 We can’t draw everywhere。 When we go shopping， we’d better use a cloth bag。 At home we can save water and electricity。 When we leave a room， we should turn off the ligts。 At school we can collect wast paper and recycle things， such as bottles， cans and plastic bags。 We shoudn’t listen to pop music or spit in pulic。　　Let’s do something to protect our environment。　　　　　　“灿烂星空，谁是真的英雄？”做出惊天动地业绩的人是英雄，为追求真理献出生命的人是英雄，在平凡岗位上默默奉献的人是英雄……　　从上面信息卡中选择一位英雄，以The Hero in My Heart为题写一篇短文。　　要求：①包含所选信息卡上的内容；②适当拓展，如学英雄的感想、行动等；③不能出现表明你身份的信息；④词数80左右，不含已给出部分。　　The Hero in My Heart　　As we know， most people have heroes in their hearts。 For me，　　　　The Hero in My Heart　　As we know， most people have heroes in their hearts。 For me， Dr Norman Bethune is the hero in my heart。 He was a great doctor from Canada。　　Dr Bethune was good at performing operations。 And taking photos was his hobby。 In 1938， he came to China。 He opened hospitals and invented medical tools。 He worked so hard that he saved thousands of Chinese people。 He didn’t stop to take care of his own injured hand and died。　　I am deeply moved by his stories。 So I’ll work hard today and do my best to help others。　　[优秀满分范文2]　　The Hero in My Heart　　As we know， most people have heroes in their hearts。 For me， Liu Xiang is the hero in my heart。 He is a famous Chinese sportsman。　　Liu Xiang is good at running。 In 2004， he won his first Olympic gold medal in the men，s 110m hurdles event in Athens。 Then， he set a world record in the same event in Lausanne。 Besides training and taking part in competitions， Liu Xiang also likes singing and he sings well。　　With his hard work， he is winning competitions one after another。 This encourages me to study harder from now on。　　　　　　请以“My Favourite Great Book”为题， 根据下面的问题写一篇80个词左右的短文， 注意适当表达自己的看法。　　1。 Who is the writer of the great book？　　2。 What is the main idea of the book？　　3。 Who are the important characters？　　4。 What’s the theme of the story？　　　　My Favourite Great Book　　My favourite great book is The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain。　　Tom Sawyer is a lively and clever boy。 He lives with his aunt Polly。 His aunt is strict with him， so he runs to an island in the middle of the Mississippi River with two friends， Huck and Joe。 With Huck， he goes looking for treasure； with Becky， he gets lost in a cave。 And finally Tom and Huck find a box of gold。 Tom is the hero of the story， but there are other important characters。 Becky is pretty with fair hair。 Huck is Tom’s best friend， and Injun Joe is the bad man of the story。　　The theme of the story is to do with children growing up and becoming more serious。　　　　　　某英文报社正就青少年与父母关系这一话题开展题为“How to keep a good relationship with parents”的征文活动。请你根据以下要点， 写一篇80个词左右的英语短文参加此次活动：　　1。 父母规矩太多， 过于强调学习成绩， 不理解自己等问题；　　2。 你对这些问题的看法；　　3。 你与父母保持良好关系的做法。　　How to keep a good relationship with parents　　In my opinion， I have too many rules at home。 My parents never allow me to go out　　　　How to keep a good relationship with parents　　In my opinion， I have too many rules at home。 My parents never allow me to go out with my friends at night。 They don’t allow me to choose my own clothes， either。 And they pay too much attention to my exam results。 I think my parents don’t quite understand me。　　However， I try my best to understand them。 Although they don’t allow me to make my own decisions and give me too much pressure， I know that it is because they really love me and want me to have a bright future。　　In order to keep a good relationship with my parents， I study hard， listen to them， talk to them as friends， tell them my troubles， and help them do more housework。　　　　　　Mary在学校参加了一个Buddy Club， 从那以后，她改变了很多。请你结合下面所给的提示，写一篇英语短文。　　要求：　　1。 覆盖要点，可以合理增加细节；　　2。 80词左右，开头已经给出，不计入总词数。　　Joining a club sometimes changes a person greatly。　　　　Joining a club sometimes changes a person greatly。　　Mary used to be a shy and quiet girl。 She used to get nervous easily and her face often turned red when she spoke with strangers。 She liked nothing but reading alone in her free time。 However， she has changed a lot since she joined the Buddy Club。 Now， Mary is so brave and outgoing that she isn’t afraid of speaking out in public anymore。 What’s more， she has lots of hobbies， such as singing， writing and dancing。 She is good at them as well。　　People sure change all the time， right？ What we should do is to learn from Mary。 Change ourselves and choose to be the best of ourselves。　　　　　　以“My Weekend Housework”为题写一篇短文，谈一谈上星期天你做过的家务活，并介绍你喜欢做的家务活和不喜欢做的家务活。用英语写一篇70词左右的短文。要求：内容完整，意思连贯，符合逻辑，表达正确。　　　　My Weekend Housework　　On last Saturday morning I got up at about seven o’clock。 After breakfast， I went to the store and bought some food for the family。 I like doing the shopping。 I think it’s fun。 Then I swept the floor。 I didn’t do the laundry and the dishes。 I don’t like do any washing。 In the afternoon I cleaned the yard。 After that I folded my clothes and made my bed。　　　　　　实现有效的沟通，建立良好的人际关系，不仅要善于表达，更要善于倾听。请你根据表格中所提供的信息，写一篇题为“Being a Good Listener”的英文演讲稿。　　2。短文需包括所有提示内容，可适当发挥，使短文连贯、通顺；　　3。短文中不要出现具体的学校姓名利人名。　　Being a Good Listener　　Good afternoon，everyone！　　Today I’d like to share my ideas of“Being a Good Listener”with you。　　Thank you for your listening！　　　　Being a Good Listener　　Good afternoon， everyone！　　Today I’d like to share my ideas of “Being a Good Listener” with you。　　Good listening can always show respect and build good relationships with people。　　Parents should listen to their children， so they will understand them better and trust each other。 Teachers should also listen to their students so that they can increase their understanding and improve relationships。 Students should listen to their classmates， then their friendship will be increased and they will help each other。　　We’d better be patient while listening。 Don’t forget to keep silent while listening。 In a word， good listening can really make us get closer to each other。　　Thank you for your listening！　　　　　　为了进一步增强中学生的安全意识，提高自我保护能力，某校开展了以”安全”为主题的英语演讲比赛。请你根据以下要点提示写一篇演讲稿。　　1。慎重交友 2。遇险报警 3。安全饮食 4。 其他（1-2点）　　注意：1）内容必须包括所给的全部要点，可适当发挥　　2）表达清楚，语句通顺，意思连贯，书写规范；　　3）词数80左右。文章开头已给出，不计入总词数。　　参考词汇：be careful， on line， danger， call。。。for， go bad　　How to keep safe？　　As teenagers we should always keep safety in mind。 But how can we keep safe？ Here are some of my suggestions。　　First，　　　　How to keep safe？　　As teenagers， we should always keep safety in mind。 But how can we keep safe？ Here are some of my suggestions。　　First， we should be careful when we make friends， especially on line。 Second， if we are in danger， we must call the police for help in time so that we can keep ourselves safe。 Also，we ought to eat healthily and safely。 Eating food that goes bad will do harm to our health。 Last but not least， summer is coming， and we must remember it‘s dangerous to swim in the river。　　In short， safety must come first ！　　　　　　内容包括：　　1。 你的阅读习惯（喜欢的书籍、阅读的时间地点、购书方式等等）。　　2。 阅读带给你什么益处（至少两点）。　　3。 号召大家都读书。　　作文要求：　　1。 不能照抄原文，不得在作文中出现学校真实的名称和学生的真实姓名。　　2。 语句连贯，词数80词左右。　　　　Reading---A good Habit　　Reading is a very good habit。 I like reading very much。 In my eyes， I think that forming a good reading habit is necessary for us。 It can not only improve our knowledge but also make us to think over more different things efficiently。　　Besides， we can do some reading every time when we are free。 For example， I often read some of my favorite books in my spare time both at home or in the library。 What I like most are story books because most of them are quite interesting。 Now I often buy my favorite books on line for its big discount。　　Finally， I like to share my favorite books with our family or my classmates。 Since reading can benefits us a lot， it’s time for us to have our good reading habit now！　　　　　　假设你叫李华，你们市将要举行以“How to Eat in a Healthy Way”为题的演讲比赛，请你准备写一篇演讲稿，内容包括：　　1。说明此次演讲的主题（how to eat in a healthy way）。　　2。我们应该少吃、不吃及多吃的食物有哪些，并说明原因。　　3。描述自己的健康饮食习惯，并举例说明。　　4。希望大家都有个好的饮食习惯。　　作文要求：　　1。不能照抄原文；不得在作文中出现学校真实的名称和学生的真实姓名。　　2。语句连贯，词数80个左右。　　　　How to Eat in a Healthy Way　　Hello， everybody。 I‘m Li Hua.Today my topic is how to eat in a healthy way。　　Firstly， we should never eat fried food or foods with lots of sugar because they are not good for health.Secondly， try to eat more vegetables and fruit.Because they can make us become much healthier。　　My eating habits are good.For example， I often eat healthy foods， like wholemeal bread， eggs， vegetables and milk for breakfast and rice， noodles， and vegetables for dinner。　　I hope everyone can eat in a healthy way。　　　　　　作家雨果说过：“开启人类智慧的钥匙有三把，一是字母，二是数字，三是音符。”从这句话中，我们足可见音乐对人的发展的影响。请你根据以下提示，以Music为题，写一篇短文参加学校的英语作文竞赛。　　提示：1。 音乐使人充满活力，让人快乐；　　2。 没有音乐，生活就没有乐趣；　　3。 你最喜欢的音乐是。。。。。。　　4。 你不能忍受的音乐是。。。。。。　　要求：1。 80词左右；　　2。 恰当运用定语从句。　　　　Music　　I like music very much。 It gives me energy when I’m tired and it makes me happy when I’m sad。 Music is very important in our life。 If there is no music， our life won’t be so interesting。 Different people like different kinds of music。 I like electronic music that’s loud。 It makes me excited。 I also like music that I can dance to。 The Cool Kids is my favorite band。 I can’t stand music that is quiet and slow。 It makes me sleepy。　　　　　　为了使同学们与人交往时举止更加文雅，你校学生会正在举办以“How to behave well？”为主题的英语征文比赛，请你写一篇短文。（以上背景内容无需表述）　　短文要点如下：　　1。学生应该守时、守信、不撒谎、不说脏话；　　2。礼貌待人，热心助人；　　3。遵守交通规则；不在公共场所喧哗；不乱扔垃圾；　　4。请你就此话题再补充一至两点个人看法。　　要求：1。不要逐词翻译。　　2。在文中不要提及真实的校名和姓名。　　3。词数60~80。短文首句已给出，不计入总词数。　　How to behave well　　Behaving well is the secret of getting on well with others。　　____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________　　　　How to behave well　　Behaving well is the secret of getting on well with others。　　As a student，I think it’s very important to do everything on time and keep promises。 Never lie to others or say dirty words。 We should be polite to others and ready to help people in need。 We’d better not talk loudly in public。 Don’t throw litter or spit about。 And remember to obey traffic rules。　　Finally，learn to work with others。 We need good teamwork in our life。　　　　　　请根据以下提示信息以My favourite movie star为题，用英语写一篇80词左右的短文，可适当发挥。　　提示信息：　　☆ Who is your favourite movie star？　　☆ What does he or she look like？　　☆ What do you think is his or her best movie？　　☆ Why do you like him or her？　　　　My favourite movie star　　My favourite movie star is Jackie Chan。 He has won many prizes。 He is famous not only in China， but also in other countries。　　Jackie Chan is not very tall。 He has black hair and a big nose。 His eyes are not big， but bright。 He always smiles， especially after he beats bad men。 Most of his movies are exciting。 I think his best movie is Police Story。 He often gives money to help poor people， so I like him very much。　　来源：中考网　　责任编辑：陈熙