　　When you say， “You are talented！”， there are two things that you could actually mean。 The first is used when you are talking about someone who is trying something for the first time。 The second is if you want to compliment what the person did， whether or not they are new at the field。　　当你想说“You are talented！”的时候，这句话可能有两层含义。第一种含义适用于某人初次尝试某事的时候。第二种适用于对于某人所说的话进行恭维，这与他们在这一行是不是新手没有关系。　　1。 Have you ever taken a class on this or anything？　　你上过这门课吗？　　This is a good way to keep the conversation light while also expressing how surprised you are。 The person who you are talking to likely is able to do great work， but it is clearly their first time trying it。 For this reason， you are complimenting their innate ability to learn that skill。　　这是保持谈话轻松的一种表达，同时也能够表达说话人的惊讶之情。与你交谈的人显然把工作做地很好，但是这显然是他第一次接触这份工作。因此，你在赞美他们学习这项技能与生俱来的能力。　　2。 Did anyone teach you to do this？　　有人教过你这样做吗？　　Similar to the first question， this question is asked because someone did something really well。 The difference is that asking whether someone taught them the skill is more appropriate for younger students。 The reason is that older students have the ability to teach themselves and can read a book to improve， while younger children usually have neither the desire nor resources to do that。　　与第一个表达相似，说这句话意味着某人把事情真的做得很好。区别就在于，问是否有人教过这项技能更适合对年轻人说。原因在于年龄稍微大一点的人有自学能力，他们可以通过读书来自学，而年纪小一点的孩子既不想也没有渠道这样做。　　Like the previous question， this one represents surprise。 It is the first time that the person has tried this particular skill， and they did it well。　　与前一个问题相似，这句话表示对某人初次出色地完成某项任务表示惊讶和赞叹。　　3。 You make this seem effortless。　　你看起来毫不费力。　　One of the best things about experts is that they make something really difficult seem like it is effortless。 Not everyone can actually do that！ Only someone who is really good at something can make it look effortless。　　专家们给人最好的感觉之一就是他们让一些真正困难的事情看起来毫不费力就可以解决。不是每个人都能做到这样好！只有真正擅长这件事情的人才能让它看起来毫不费力。　　If you say this to someone， it is really high praise。 It means that you really admire the person’s ability to do something， and that they are very talented at doing it。　　如果你对某人说了这句话，这意味着高度赞扬。这说明你真的钦佩这个人做事的能力，并且他们真的很有天赋。　　4。 You are seriously gifted at this。　　你在这方面很有天赋。　　This is probably the closest you can get to an exact synonym for saying “you are talented”。 If you are thoroughly impressed by what someone else has done， you can praise their gifts as well as their talent and what they create。　　这是 “you are talented”的同义词。如果对别人做的事情印象深刻，你可以称赞他们的天赋以及他们做的事情。　　5。 You could sell your songs/art。　　你的歌曲和艺术好得简直可以卖了。　　Another way to make an artist feel really great about their work is to give them social proof。 This is support from other people， not just their friends。　　让艺术家们感觉很棒的方法就是给予他们社会认可。这种支持不仅来自于朋友，还来自于旁人　　If you genuinely think their work is good enough to share with a huge audience， you could suggest that they sell their work and see whether or not people are interested in paying them for their services！　　如果你真的认为他们的作品足够好，就可以和大量的观众分享，也可以建议他们出售他们的作品，看看观众们是否有兴趣为他们提供的服务买单　　6。 You are really good at this！　　你真的很擅长这个！　　This is a great way to simply point out that someone is very good at something。 It does not mention their talent specifically， but most of the time you need a bit of talent on top of all your hard work to become very good at something。　　这是一个用来指出某人非常擅长某事的很好的办法。这种说法并没有特别提到他们的天赋，但是大多数时候人们都需要一点天赋才能在努力工作中变得更加优秀。　　7。 This is amazing/incredible /etc。！　　这太神奇了/难以置信了/等等！　　This is a great expression to use when you are looking at a painting， after you hear a song， or when you are admiring the work of the talented person。 You can use any of these adjectives and similar ones to praise what the person can do。　　当你看到一幅画，听一首歌或者在欣赏有才华的人的作品时，这是一个表达赞美的很好的方式。你可以用任何类似的形容词来赞美这个人所做的事情。　　8。 You are an expert at this！　　你在这方面简直是专家！　　Because an expert is anyone who has extensive knowledge in a particular field and is called upon to give advice， everyone feels good when they are called one。 If you want to praise the body of knowledge and expertise that someone has， you can call them an expert！　　专家是在某一特定领域拥有广泛知识并且要求提供建议的人，任何一个人被叫做专家都会感到非常开心。如果你想赞扬某人的拥有的知识和专业，你可以称他们为专家！　　9。 If you taught this， I would sign up！　　如果你教这个，我就报名！　　Another step that that someone who is really good at someone will teach what they know to the people around them。 If you want to learn from an expert， you can expect to pay a hefty sum！ Many people pay up to learn from the best， and telling someone that they are worthy to learn from means that you can really respect their skills。　　一个真正擅长于某事的人要做的事情就是把他们知道的知识传授给周围的人。如果你真的想从他们那里学习，你可以支付一笔钱作为学费！许多人付费都是为了向最好的人学习。告诉这些专家，他们真的值得学习，这意味着你是真的尊重他们的技能。　　10。 You are so skilled； you really know what you are doing！　　你是如此的有技巧；你真的对你所做的十分了解！　　If you simply want to express your admiration for someone， you can tell them that they are very skilled， and that they know what they are doing。　　如果你只是想表达对某人的仰慕之情，你可以告诉他们：他们是如此的有技巧，对自己做的事情真的很熟练。　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙