　　新浪教育讯 2016年6月18日全国大学英语六级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以上为2016年6月大学英语六级完整真题及参考答案（有道考神版）。　　　　For thispart， you are allowed 30 minutes to write a shortessay on E-learning， try toimagine what will happen when more andmore people study on-line instead ofgoing to school。 You shouldwrite at least 150 words but no more than 200words。　　第一段： 写出现状。　　第二段： 分析在线学习未来的图景并简单解释原因　　第三段： 分析未来及自己的应对之策　　Currently， an increasing numberofpeople begin to use Internet to take courses and acquire knowledge.Onlinelearning is booming all around the world。 It is providingmany options withlearners in terms of time， locations， subjects andcosts。　　Online learning greatlypromoteslearners’ studying efficiency and teachers’ productivity.As a result， updatedknowledge will reach those students in isolatedareas at a higher speed， whichcan make many of them keep pace withthe time。 Additionally， students candecide their learning locationand time much more freely。 Notably， because transportationandaccommodation will not trouble E-learners， learning cost will belargelylowered。 These advantages might decrease the number ofpeople who routinelyattend schoollearning。　　From my point of view， personalinteractionbetween teachers and students in schools isirreplaceable。 It is a good ideathat we combine E-learning andattending school together。 Learning is not asimple multiple-choicequestion but an important issue that needs your tryingandinvolvement。　　　　For this part，you are allowed 30 minutes to write a shortessay on the use of robots。 Try toimagine what will happen whenrobots take the place of human beings in industryas well aspeople’s daily lives。 You are required to write at least 150wordsbut no more than 200 words。　　第一段：引出文章话题。说明技术的发展对人类生活的改变。　　第二段：针对此现象作出观点的阐述　　第三段：得出结论。　　It is held bysome people that knowledge is power，especially scientific and technologicalknowledge。 Science andtechnology are the motive power of the socialdevelopment， whichconstitute a primary productive force。 The use of robots istheproduce of development of science and technology。　　People’s viewson the use of robots vary from person toperson。 Some hold that human life cannotcontinue without the use ofrobots。 For many years， human society has developedwith the use ofscience and technology。 So the lifewith the use of robots we areliving now is more efficient than thatof our fore fathers。 They go on to pointout that the use of robotshas brought about many changes in people‘s life。 Forexample，through the use of robots can improve the work efficiency andavoiddangerous events happening in our life in that we can requirerobots to do someworks with danger instead of humanbeings。　　Science andtechnology of robots are the crystallization ofhuman wisdom。 It brought aglorious past to humanity， also willbring bright future to mankind。　　For this part，you are allowed 30 minutes to write a shortessay on living in the virtualworld。 Try to imagine what willhappen when people spend more and more time inthe virtual worldinstead of interacting in the real world。 You are required towriteat least 150 words but no more than 200 words。　　　　第一段：说明科技发展对人类生活的改变，引出话题。说明，我们交流方式的变化。　　第二段：人们虚拟世界的交流给我们带来的影响。　　第三段：得出结论。　　We have to admit that the impactoftechnology on society is unquestionable。 Whetherconsidering the TV or thecomputers， technology has had a hugeimpact on society。 While not every advancehas been beneficial，there have been many positive effects of technology。 Theinternet isone typical example。　　With the development of science andtechnology， the worldis no longer what it used to be。 But the ability ofcommunication isa significant skill which should be cultivated if we want tosurviveand succeed in the world。 But the way of communication with peoplehaschanged dramatically。 Almost everyone today has a computer， anduses it tocommunicate with their friends， family， and evenbusiness。 The virtual worldcommunication has changed the way thatpeople communicate。　　Since communication between peoplein the real world is of utmost importance， lack of communicationwilllead to perish of human beings。 Through communication in thereal world， mutualunderstanding can be promoted and fosteredbetween people， which cannot bereplaced by the virtualcommunication。　　　　旗袍（qipao）是一种雅致的中国服装，源于中国的满族（Manchu Nationality）。在清代，旗袍　　是王室女性穿着的宽松长袍。上世纪20年代，受西方服饰的影响，旗袍发生了一些变化。袖口（cuffs）变窄，袍身变短。这些变化使女性美得以充分展现。　　如今，旗袍经常出现在世界级的时装秀上。中国女性出席重要社交聚会时，旗袍往往是她们的首选。很多中国新娘也会选择旗袍作为结婚礼服。一些有影响的人士甚至建议将旗袍作为中国女性的民族服饰。Qipao， an exquisite Chinese clothing， originates from China‘s Manchu Nationality。 In the Qing Dynasty ， it was a loose robe for the royal women。 In the 1920s， influenced by Western clothing， it went through many changes.For example，the cuffs went narrower， and the dress got shorter。 These changes enabled Qipao to fully elaborate women’s beauty。　　Nowadays， Qipao quite often appears on world-classfashionshows。 It is usually the first choice for Chinese women asthey attend socialparties。 Meanwhile， many Chinese brides willselect it as their wedding dress.Some influential personalitieseven suggest making it as the national costumefor Chinesewomen。　　中国的创新正以前所未有的速度蓬勃发展。为了在科学技术上尽快赶超世界发达国家，中国近年来大幅度增加了研究开发资金。中国的大学和研究所正在积极开展创新研究，这些研究覆盖了从大数据到生物化学，从新能源到机器人等各类高科技领域。它们还与各地的科技园合作，使创新成果商业化。与此同时，无论在产品还是商业模式上，中国企业家也在努力争做创新的先锋，以适应国内外消费市场不断变化和增长的需求。　　China‘s innovation is flourishing faster than ever before。 In order to surpass developed countries on science and technology as soon as possible， China has sharply increased research and development fund。 Chinese universities and institutes are actively doing innovative researches， covering various fields of high technology， from big data to biochemistry， and from new energy to robots。 They are also cooperating with science and technology parks in different places， so as to commercialize their fruits of innovation。 In the meantime， to adapt to the changing foreign and domestic market， and to satisfy the growing demand， Chinese entrepreneurs are also making pioneering efforts to innovate their products and business models。​　　　　Section A　　1。 D）Market research consultant　　2。 A） Quantitative advertising research　　3。 D） They study trends or customer satisfaction over a longperiod。　　4。 B） Checking charts and tables。　　5。 A） His view on Canadian universities。　　6。 B） It is rather inflexible。　　7。 C） Everybody should be given equal access to highereducation。　　8。 C） It is hard to say which is better， a public university ora private university。　　9-11　　9。 B） The worsening real wage situation around the world。　　10。 A） They will feel less pressure to raise employees’ wages.11。　　C） Employees work shorter hours to avoid layoffs。　　12-15　　12。 A） Whether memory supplements work。　　13。 D） They are not on based on real science。　　14。 D） They are prescribed by trained practitioners。　　15.B） Taking them with other medications might entail unnecessary risks。　　Section C　　16-18　　16 D） How the negative impacts of natural disasters can bereduced。　　17 B） By taking steps to prepare people for them。　　18 A） How preventive action can reduce the loss of life。　　19-22　　19 C） Contribute more to the goal of a wider recovery　　20 B） Many smaller regional banks are going to fail　　21 D） It will try to provide more loans　　22 D） It will be necessary if the economy starts to shrinkagain　　23-25　　23 A）。 Being unable to learn new things。　　24 A）。 Cognitive stimulation。　　25 C）。 Endeavoring to give up unhealthy lifestyles。　　　　　　选词填空　　26。 正确选项 Oundertakes　　27。 正确选项 Koccupation　　28。 正确选项 Hexistence　　29。 正确选项 Jintolerant　　30。 正确选项 Aautomatically　　31。 正确选项 Nslightly　　32。 正确选项 Eemphasizing　　33。 正确选项 Mrecession　　34。 正确选项 Dconfused　　35。 正确选项 Bbeneficial　　段落匹配　　Cansocieties be rich and green？　　36。 正确选项 I　　37。 正确选项 C　　38。 正确选项 L　　39。 正确选项 D　　40。 正确选项 K　　41。 正确选项 E　　42。 正确选项 G　　43。 正确选项 A　　44。 正确选项 N　　45。 正确选项 J　　　　　　46。 正确选项C。 Interactivetelevision advertising is successful when incorporatedintosituation comedies。　　47。 正确选项C。 Somewhatdoubtful。　　48。 正确选项C。 It hasplaced TV advertising at a great disadvantage。　　49。 正确选项B。It hasdone well in engaging the viewers。　　50。 正确选项A。 They may bedue to the novel way of advertising。　　　　51。 正确选项B。Insufficientdemand。　　52。 正确选项D。Groundless。　　53。 正确选项A。Thebooming defense industry。　　54。 正确选项A。Powerfulopposition to government’s stimulus efforts。　　55。 正确选项C。To showthe urgent need for the government to takeaction。