　　2017年全国大学英语四六级考试于6月17日进行，新浪教育24小时直播报道，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯。以下为英语写作真题及参考答案(有道考神版)：　　Part 1 Writing (30 minutes)　　(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)　　　　Directions：For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an advertisement on your campus website to sell a computer you used at college. Your advertisement may include its brand, specifications/features, condition and price, and your contact information. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.　　　　With the development of the Internet and the popularization of computers, shopping on the Internet has become a commonplace in our life. Here consumers can buy almost everything they need. People don't have to waste a lot of their energy and precious time to go from one shop to another to choose the commodities they like. This is especially desirable to the old, the sick and the busy people who cannot go to the shops in person. All they need to do is to sit in front of their computers and click the mousses. The commodities they order will be delivered to them promptly.　　　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an advertisement on your campus website to sell a bicycle you used at college. Your advertisement may include its brand, specifications/features, condition and price, and your contact information. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.　　　　As we travel by bike, we will see beautiful sceneries typical of the region, meet and make friends with different people and get to know the custom of the local people.Having worked hard throughout the weekdays, people will find a weekend trip to the nearby mountains or beaches a real relaxation, riding on the bike is best choice.In my opinion, the biggest advantage of traveling is we can learn much during our travel by bike about the geography, biology, and history of the places we visit. Therefore, you ’d better seize the chance to buy this bike so as to gain something meaningful.　　　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an advertisement on your campus website to sell a book you used at college. Your advertisement may include its brand, specifications/features, condition and price, and your contact information. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.　　参考范文：　　This is a graduate writing an advertisement to sell some of the course books I used at college. And I am looking forward to your keen concern and active participation.The course books was used by men when I studied in this university in 2016, which aims to be used during the English classes among students different majors by means of language study. Buying these books, you can reap the benefit of several aspects. For one thing, you can save a great amount of money and this will allow you to spend these saved money on other more significant things in that the books I sold here with only the half of the original price. For another, the content of these book include translation, writing, reading as well as listening which will be adapt to the students who are going to take the exam of CET-4 or CET-6. Last but not the least, through the purchase of these English course books with nine into new without any notes on them, you will improve your study skill to a great extent.As the old saying goes, time and tide wait for no man. The practical books with such a competitive price are hot consumer goods. Let’s join hand in and to contribute ourselves to save resources starting from me, I sincerely hope you, if interested and willing to take these books you needed , contact me at aaa@bb.com or by 12345678.