　　2017年全国大学英语四六级考试于6月17日进行，新浪教育24小时直播报道，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯。以下为英语阅读选词填空真题及参考答案(有道考神版)　　阅读部分答案　　选词填空部分答案　　26.O vigorous　　27.I phenomenon　　28.E effectively　　29.G involved　　30.M solution　　31.D cycling　　32.C control　　33. J preventing　　34. N sufficient　　35. F increased　　【原文】　　As if you needed another reason to hate the gym, it now turns out that exercise can exhaust not only your muscles, but also your eyes. Fear not, however, for coffee can perk them right up again. During exercise, our muscles tire as they run out of fuel and build up waste products. Muscle performance can also be affected by a  called “central fatigue,” in which an imbalance in the body’s chemical messengers prevents the central nervous system from directing muscle movements. It was not known, however, whether central fatigue might also affect motor systems not directly  in the exercise itself—such as those that move the eyes. To find out, researchers gave 11 volunteers a carbohydrate  either with a moderate dose of caffeine—which is known to stimulate the central nervous system—or as a placebo without, during 3 hours of . After exercising, the scientists tested the cyclists with eye-tracking cameras to see how well their brains could still their visual system. The team found that exercise reduced the speed of rapid eye movements by about 8%,  their ability to capture new visual information. The caffeine—the equivalent of two strong cups of coffee—was  to counteract this effect, with some cyclists even displaying eye movement speeds, the team reports today in Scientific Reports. So it might be a good idea to get someone else to drive you home after that marathon.　　段落信息匹配　　36 [H] 题干：Successful team leaders know exactly where the team should go and are able to take promptaction.　　37 [D] 题干：Decentralisation of authority was also found to be more effective in military operations.　　38 [B] 题干：In many companies,the conventional form of organisation is giving way to a network of teams.　　39 [J] 题干：Members of poorly managed teams are easily distracted from their work.　　40 [G] 题干：Teamwork is most effective when team members share the same culture.　　41 [A] 题干：According to a report by Deloitte,teamwork is becoming increasingly popular among companies.　　42 [F] 题干：Some team members find it hard to agree on questions like membership and the team's purpose.　　43 [E] 题干：Some scholars think teamwork may not always be reliable,despite its potential to work wonders.　　44 [I] 题干：To ensure employee's commitment,it is advisable to give them more flexibility as to where and how they work.　　45 [C] 题干： Product transitions take much less time now than in the past.