　　还记得四六级、考研考试中被作文题支配的恐惧么？　　其实每一篇作文都是有“套路可循”。开头、过渡、对比对照、原因、举例论证、预测趋势、建议措施、承接转折、总结论点、文章结尾这几个方面几乎涵盖了所有的文章得分点。　　学会了这10大黄金句式，再也不怕作文不会写，高分手到擒来！　　　　1. When asked whether it is advisable to look for friends online, different people may have different things to say, but personally I don’t think it is wise to do so.　　2. Here comes the question: should universities allow students to live off campus? My answer is positive, for indeed there are several advantages of off-campus living compared with dorm living.　　3. Nowadays chatting online is growing in popularity among the youth. Some get fun; some get friends; some even get fame. However, we should not let these benefits blind us to the problems it may pose.　　　　1. When it comes to the problem of homesickness, here are a few tips for freshmen.　　【扩展】As far as …is concerned/ As for…，＋主句　　2. As the “imported” festivals become hot, our own native festive occasions is on the decline.　　3. Before answering this question, I want to remind you of a story of ancient China… This story simply proves the importance of teamwork: united, we succeed; divided, we fail.　　　　1. Some hold that this experience would give them the edge in future competition after graduation, while others argue that it might hinder their academic pursuit.　　2. Different from selling our own belongings in the flea market, running a shop requires careful consideration and preparation in many aspects.　　3. At college, our main task is to acquire knowledge; our main trial is to do well in various exams. But at work people are expected to shoulder much more responsibility.　　　　1. The main reasons why I am not in favor of making friends online are as follows.　　2. The first reason to avoid comparing yourself with others is it makes you unhappy.　　3. Being aware of their parents’ financial difficulty, they used various means to support themselves and managed to save every penny they could for the family.　　　　1. Ambition may well serve as a catalyst activating dormant potentials. …A case in point is Ms Zhang Haidi, the Chinese Helen Keller.　　2. Take Liu Xiang for example, who won the gold medal in the 110 meters hurdles of the 2004 Olympics, which had been the first gold medal for Asians in the Olympic track and field.　　【扩展】Let me cite …as an example./ A good example is that…　　3. It means my success is your failure. If I obtain my goal, then you don’t obtain yours. It is best exemplified by a match in which individuals or teams strive against each other to obtain a goal that only one can ultimately achieve, such as a tennis or football game.　　　　1. In fact, the development of both Internet technologies and web-based education has made it convincing that one day online learning may replace the traditional classroom teaching.　　2. The advantages of online learning compared with classroom teaching make the substitution of the latter by the former almost inevitable.　　3. Because of its advantages in creating a virtual but realistic classroom, and providing diversity, convenience and freedom, online education is quickly taking in many territories that once belonged to traditional classroom teaching. In a certain sense, it can be said that online education came, has seen and will conquer.　　　　1. Though learning can be made interesting, it is not play in essence and we should take each class seriously. Thus, there are some dos and don’ts for us to help a class go smoothly.　　2. Besides, to minimize students’ possibility to substitute others’ works for their own, several simple strategies can be followed in designing writing assignments.　　【扩展】Besides, to release academic pressure, you can take the following suggestions into account.　　To prevent these from happening and to travel smoothly on the information superhighway, you should observe some basic rules of netiquette.　　3. Maybe you are perplexed about how to get rid of it and enjoy a more pleasant and rich college life? Here are my opinions about how to cope with financial, academic and emotional problems.　　【扩展】When it comes to the problem of… here are a few tips for…　　　　1. Of course there is some truth in those complaints. Nevertheless, with regard to the future development for both employers and employees, advantages will far outweigh disadvantages during a job interview.　　【扩展】There is some truth in…, but…/There’s an element of truth in… but …/There’s a great deal of truth in what they say, but …　　2. It is true that interview benefits both the employer and employee in many cases, but, in my opinion, it does not always work because of its time limit, the subjectivity in decision-making and high additional expenditure it brings to job applicants.　　3. Admittedly, looking good does have real advantages in some occasions like finding a job or spouse, but plastic surgery alone cannot change our life.　　　　1. In my view, effective measures are called for to solve the problem. First, it should be made clear to the whole society that Chinese is one indispensable part of our culture and race. Second, schools should attach more importance to the teaching of Chinese. Third, students should enhance their awareness of the importance of mastering their mother tongue.　　2. Personally, I believe that both sides have something right, so we should not go to extremes. On the one hand, we have to admit that a well-designed name can help a person to some extent. On the other hand, we should not exaggerate the effect of a name on a person’s fate.　　3. From the factors mentioned above, we may safely draw the conclusion that we can free ourselves from mental illness by taking certain precautions. For example, if you have pains or puzzles in mind, finding a friend to express these is a good way to release pressure.　　　　1. Addressing these issues is not a luxury that can be postponed until a more convenient time. It is a short step from dishonesty in schools and colleges to dishonesty in business.　　2. Only when we treat plagiarism as seriously as it deserves to be treated, will we accomplish the first step toward the elimination of various forms of unethical academic behaviors on our campuses.　　3. To sum up, ambition can benefit us tremendously if wisely and correctly channeled, otherwise it may ruin others and ourselves.　　（来源：有道考神）