　　新浪教育讯 2016年12月17日全国大学英语四级考试已结束，本次考试为多题多卷，新浪外语第一时间收集整理不同版本试题，供考生参考，以下是2016年12月英语四级作文题目（有道考神版）：　　　　For this part， you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay。 Suppose you have two options upon graduation： one is to work in a state-owned business and the other in a joint venture。 You are to make a choice between the two。 Write an essay to explain the reasons for your choice。 You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words。　　破题思路：　　第一段：话题描述。　　第二段：表明观点+阐述原因。　　第三段：观点结论。　　参考范文：　　Stated-owned business or Joint venture　　Upon graduation， virtually all college students will confront the problem of the career choice，which is truly a tough choice。 Students‘ opinions differ greatly on this issue。 Some hold that there is no better way to get a decent job than working in a stated-owned business which will guarantee my life after retirement， but others take the attitude that a joint venture outweighs any other jobs as it may provide higher income for employees。　　As to myself， I prefer the latter view。 A joint venture， especially a high-salary joint venture， exerts a tremendous fascination on a great number of people， with no exception to me。 Although it might be impossible to make sure my retirement pension is good enough， high-salary is exactly what I need just now。 In my view， our career choices largely depend on where we want to stay for the rest of life。 For me， metropolis is the place where I can grasp loads of opportunities and achieve my personal dreams。 As I hold the view that live in the moment， not the future， and also in order to finance myself in some aspects such as the transportation， the house-renting， or social activities， a joint venture can satisfy my needs for the consumption I mentioned above。　　In short， a joint venture is the first and only consideration in my choice of career。　　　　For this part， you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay。 Suppose you have two options upon graduation： one is to find a job somewhere and the other to start a business of your own。 You are to make a decision。 Write an essay to explain the reasons for your decision。 You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words。　　破题思路：　　第一段：话题描述。　　第二段：表明观点+阐述原因。　　第三段：观点结论。　　参考范文：　　Upon graduation， virtually all college students will confront the problem of the career choice，which is truly a tough choice。 Students‘ opinions differ greatly on this issue。 Some hold that priority should be given to start a business of your own， but others take the attitude that finding a job is the best choice influencing their future。　　As to myself， I prefer the latter view。 An opportunity to start a business exerts a tremendous fascination on a great number of people， with no exception to me。 In my view， With the competition in the job market becoming increasingly fierce for college graduates， some ambitious students have tried their hands at launching their own businesses。 Over the years，there have been many successful cases of student entrepreneurship and such attempts should be encouraged and promoted by both the universities and the society at large。 What’s more ，College students who start businesses are pioneers，among whom will be born China’s future business leaders。 Faced with unknown challenges， they are audacious enough to embark on a perilous journey while most of their peers enjoy stable salaries by working as white-collars at high-end office buildings。　　All in all， the essential difference between the students who find a job or those students who create their own businesses is that the former are docile followers whereas the latter are aggressive trailblazers。 For this reason， business-launching college graduates are more admirable， and thus they command our deep respect。　　　　For this part， you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay。 Suppose you have two options upon graduation： one is to take a job in a company and the other to go to a graduate school。 You are to make a choice between the two。 Write an essay to explain the reasons for your choice。 You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words。　　破题思路：　　第一段：话题描述。　　第二段：表明观点+阐述原因。　　第三段：观点结论。　　参考范文：    　　Upon graduation， virtually all college students will confront the problem of the career choice，which is truly a tough choice。 Students‘ opinions differ greatly on this issue。 Some hold that priority should be given to take a job， but others take the attitude that going to a graduate school is the most critical factor influencing their future career choices。　　As to myself， I prefer the latter view。 A higher educational background exerts a tremendous fascination on a great number of people， with no exception to me。 This phenomenon that the graduates have difficulties in finding job after their graduation can easily be found anywhere in our daily life， especially on campus。  On the one hand， with the improved high education of Chinese college students which directly brought the result that there are more and more graduates every year。 On the contrary， job vacancies don’t increase that fast。 More people， less food， which is the exact description of the hard condition。 On the other hand， more and more people go on to pursue their master and doctor degree； more and more Chinese oversea students come back to China to hunt better working chances。 It is sure that the competition is more and more fierce。　　Therefore， it is high time that we took effective measures to improve our own competitiveness。 That is the secret of success in the future employm　　责任编辑：王颖