　　2017年全国大学英语四六级考试于6月17日进行，新浪教育24小时直播报道，为你带来第一手四六级考试资讯。以下为英语写作真题及参考答案(新东方在线版)：　　Part 1 Writing (30 minutes)　　(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)　　　　Directions：For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an advertisement on your campus website to sell a computer you used at college. Your advertisement may include its brand, specifications/features, condition and price, and your contact information. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.　　　　　　As I am about to graduate and leave the campus, I am going to sell my personal laptop at a low price.　　It is a Lenovo ThinkPad that I bought in June, 2015. It is not big, but very functional. It has a four-core CPU, an independent display card of 2G, a hard disk of 500G and a screen of 15.6 inches.　　For the last two years, the laptop has served as my faithful aid and helped me finish most of my assignments and my thesis. There has appeared no fault in the process. I owe so much to it. But as my workplace has already offered me a more advanced working laptop, I find there is no necessity for me to have two. And I know that there must be some of my schoolmates who are more in need of the ThinkPad. Therefore, I determined to sell it.　　I bought the laptop as the price of 3500 yuan. Now I will sell it at 1500 yuan or less. Anyone interested can contact me via email, and my mailbox is ***@sina.com.　　这次的四级作文属于应用文，是近年来不多见的题型。这是近五年第二次考到应用文。第一次是去年6月的感谢信。但这一次考的是出售个人物品的广告，基本上算告示。比较突出的注意事项就是需要有标题。当然，不写标题也不会影响很多分数，主要还是看正文的语言质量。难点在于，对于笔记本电脑应该有一定的硬件方面的了解，有一些专业的词需要会说。而且，更重要的是应该能够发挥合理想象，说出除了电脑本身之外的一些内容。而且这提示我们以后也应该注重四六级考察应用文的可能。　　　　　　　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an advertisement on your campus website to sell a bicycle you used at college. Your advertisement may include its brand, specifications/features, condition and price, and your contact information. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an advertisement on your campus website to sell a you used at college. Your advertisement may include its brand, specifications/features, condition and price, and your contact information. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.