　　很多人都有睡觉时把手机放在身旁的习惯。那么这样做到底有没有危险呢？　　Whether it’s waiting up for a response to an unanswered text, replying to work emails long after the end of the business day, or aimlessly scrolling through Instagram, even the most disciplined among us can be found at least occasionally—if not regularly—tucked into bed with our smartphones tightly in hand or nestled under our pillows.　　不管你是在等着他人回复一条信息，或者在工作日下班很久后回电邮，又或是在Instagram上漫无目的的刷屏，甚至是最能自律的人们，也有可能偶尔——如果不是经常——紧紧的抱着手机窝在床头或是躺在枕边。　　In a Gallup survey, 63% of respondents admitted to keeping their smartphones close by while sleeping. But aside from the generalized guilt that comes with procrastinating before bedtime, is it actually dangerous to sleep with your smartphone?　　在盖洛普(Gallup)的一项调查中，63%的受访者承认他们在睡觉时会把手机放在身边。但是，除了玩手机拖延了睡眠时间这种普遍的负罪感之外，睡觉时把智能手机放在身旁到底有没有危险?　　We turned to several experts in fields like chemistry, sociology, and psychologyto identify and explain the risks associated with sharing your bed with your electronic devices.　　我们求助于几位化学、社会学和心理学等领域的专家来识别并解释你与电子设备同床共枕的风险。　　Brian Zoltowski, Ph.D.Assistant Professor, Department of Chemistry, Southern Methodist University　　来自南卫理工会大学化学系助教Brian Zoltowski的回答：　　FOR ELECTRONIC DEVICES LIKE LAPTOPS, phones, anything with a LED or LCD display, the problem is that they produce a large amount of artificial blue light. Our natural cue to what time of day it is, primarily to know when morning is, is blue light. By exposing ourselves to large amounts of blue light late at night, we are giving our bodies a cue that it’s time actually to wake up instead of go to sleep. This can lead to defects in our circadian rhythm, and it’s been shown that when we have our biological clock out of phase with the natural day-night cycle outside, that can lead to increases in the rates of diabetes, cancer, heart disease, and even depression.　　对于任何像笔记本和手机这样任何一种带有LED或LCD屏幕的电子设备来说，问题就在于它们会发出大量人造蓝光。我们自身对一天中各时间段的感知就依靠蓝光，主要是知道什么时候是早上。深夜我们还把自己暴露在大量蓝光下，就是在提示身体该起床了，而不是该睡觉了。这会导致我们昼夜规律的混乱，而且有研究表明生物钟与外界自然的昼夜循环不一致时，糖尿病、癌症、心脏病、甚至抑郁的发病率都会上升。　　Mariana Figueiro, Ph.D.Professor, Lighting Research Center Light and Health Program Director, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute　　来自伦斯勒理工学院照明研究中心光与健康项目主任Mariana Figueiro教授的回答：　　IT DEPENDS ON THE KIND OF DEVICE and how long people are being exposed to it, but there’s clearly a potential for suppressing melatonin in the evening, which is the hormone we start producing a couple of hours prior to bedtime. Melatonin is essentially a nighttime or darkness signal, telling us it’s time to go to bed. So, if you delay the onset of that signal in the evening, by being exposed to too much light coming from those devices, you may be delaying sleep times. Then, if you have a fixed wake up time and can’t sleep in to compensate, you are experiencing sleep deprivation. Even if you filter the light of the display or somehow protect yourself from it, it may be just as bad, because you’re still depriving yourself of sleep by staying awake to use the device.　　这取决于电子设备的种类和人们使用的时长。但使用电子设备就极有可能抑制夜间褪黑激素的分泌，褪黑激素是睡前几小时开始分泌的一种激素，其实是夜间或黑暗的信号，告诉我们到睡觉时间了。所以，如果推迟夜间这一信号的发出，暴露在这些设备所发出的过多光亮之下，可能就是在推迟睡眠时间，而且如果早上起床时间固定还不能补觉的话，你可能会缺觉。即使你将屏幕调暗，或者以某种方式保护自己不受光的影响，结果也一样，因为熬夜使用电子设备仍然会缺觉。　　Sleep deprivation has been linked to a series of things—it’s been shown that after five consecutive days of five hours of sleep instead of eight hours, people can become pre-diabetic or become hungrier. In the short-term, you become sleepier during the day, and you may reduce daytime performance. And then long-term, you may have more serious consequences, such as increased risk for obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and even increased risks of cancer. I’m not saying that these self-luminous displays cause cancer—that would be a big statement. But you want to minimize disruption of circadian rhythms and the curtailment of sleep as much as possible.　　睡眠不足会有一系列后果——有研究表明连续五天只睡五小时而睡不够八小时的话，人会进入糖尿病前期，或更容易饿。短期内白天会更困，而且表现欠佳。长期睡眠不足会有更严重的后果，比如患肥胖、糖尿病和心血管疾病的风险都会增加，甚至患癌症的风险也会增加。我不是说这些发光的屏幕会致癌，但你也是想尽量减少对身体昼夜规律的破坏，保证充足睡眠。　　Mary A. Carskadon, Ph.D.Professor of Psychiatry & Human Behavior, Brown University　　来自布朗大学精神病学与人类行为学教授Mary A. Carskadon博士的回答：　　SLEEPING WITH THESE TYPES OF DEVICES IS NOT TOO WISE, primarily because of their association with disrupted sleep. From TVs to computers to tablets and smartphones, young children’s sleep seems to be very compromised. Whether these devices disrupt sleep because of noise, light, social interactions (or the promise of them), such devices take a toll. The downsides of insufficient and disrupted sleep are many, including learning and memory deficits, cognitive impairment, metabolic difficulties, depressed mood, disrupted immune function, and excessive fatigue—to name a few.　　将这些设备放在身旁睡觉并不明智，主要是因为它们会导致睡眠中断。从电视到电脑到平板再到手机，孩子们的睡眠似乎受到了很大的影响。不管睡眠中断是因为噪音、光线、社交活动（或是他们给人的一种期待），这都是这些设备所造成的。举例来说，睡眠不足和睡眠中断的不利因素包括学习和记忆障碍、认知障碍、代谢困难、情绪低落、免疫功能紊乱和过度疲劳等等。　　A counter argument, however, goes that people who suffer anxiety when parted from electronic devices will have disrupted sleep if they don’t have the devices in their bedrooms and preferably in their hands.　　然而，一种相反的观点认为，如果人们在离开电子设备后感到焦虑，那电子设备就要放在卧室里，最好是在他们的手中，这样他们的睡眠才不会被打扰。