　　如今，投资的种类和方式有很多，其中最流行的一种莫过于艺术品投资。幸运的买家可能会买到一个有巨大升值空间的艺术品，但幸运的人毕竟有限，那么买艺术品是成为百万富翁的最佳方式吗？艺术品投资的风险大吗？本集《随身英语》讨论艺术品投资是否一定会给你带来经济上的回报。　　　　　　We all have a different approach to money – some of us like to spend it as soon as we have it, even  on extravagant things, while some of us like to hold on to it and spend it carefully. But for people who are very  about their cash, there are a number of interesting ways to  it and, if things go well, make .　　Buying stamps, wine, coins and books are all different ways of investing your money. It comes with  but can be thrilling as, hopefully, you watch the value of your investment rise. However, you need to know what you're doing and making your  is not guaranteed.　　If you're happy to , then one of the most well-known ways of investing is by buying artwork. By purchasing a painting and holding on to it, its value can increase by , but of course it's only when you sell it do you feel the . Some people get quite lucky, particularly when they don't expect to make any money. There are stories of people buying a painting in an antique shop for  only to find out it's actually worth thousands of pounds.　　Investing in art appears to be a hobby for the rich, but not always. Recently, an investor's dream came true when a picture believed to have been painted by Leonardo da Vinci sold for £341m. He had bought it about 60 years ago in an  for just £45 thinking it was only painted by a follower of da Vinci.　　Of course this is a rare story and investing in artwork is not a guarantee to make you a . Patrick Connolly, a financial adviser at Chase de Vere, told BBC News that to invest in art as a true investment, "you need a starting  of at least £5,000, and possibly up to £500,000, which can be used to buy individual works of art or invested in an art fund." He feels investing in art is too risky and recommends their clients not to invest in it because the  outweigh the .　　But if you're still keen, there are art fairs, such as The Affordable Art Fair, and websites aimed at buyers with a . Patrick Connolly says the best approach here is to buy something you like and can afford and "if it goes up in value, that should be just ." If this has spoilt your plans for your investment , maybe there's more chance of winning big money by buying a lottery ticket!　　　　splash the cash 花大笔的钱，挥霍　　savvy 懂行的　　invest 投资　　a tidy profit 一笔可观的利润　　risk 风险　　fortune 财富，一大笔钱　　take a gamble 赌一把，冒险做某事　　a handsome sum 一笔可观的数目　　financial benefit 经济效益　　peanut 一小笔钱　　auction 拍卖　　millionaire 百万富翁　　fund 资金，专款　　downside 缺点，不利的一面　　upside 好处，优点　　modest budget 有限的预算　　an added bonus 附加的收益，额外的好处　　portfolio 投资组合　　　　　　1. True or false? 　　2. If you buy a painting, what do you have to do to actually get the benefit of its financial value?　　3. Was the painting by Leonardo da Vinci, bought by an art investor, actually painted by the artist?　　4. According to Patrick Connolly, a financial adviser at Chase de Vere, how risky does he think it is to invest in art?　　5. Which word used in the article means 'is certain that something will happen or exist'?　　　　1. The ______ of walking in the mountains at night are high but despite that, he's gone anyway.　　chance       fortune       risks       upside　　2. We're putting money into a special holiday ______ and hope we will have saved enough to go away next year.　　funds       fund       funding       funded                      　　3. The ______ of living in a beautiful village is it is very expensive.　　downside       upside       fortune       chance　　4. We loved seeing the show at the theatre and meeting the actors afterwards was ______.　　an adding bonus       an added bonus       a bonus addition       a added bonus　　5. Because I had lost my job, we didn't have much money and we had to live on a ______.　　tidy profit       financial benefit       splash the cash       modest budget　　　　　　1. True or false? 　　2. If you buy a painting, what do you have to do to actually get the benefit of its financial value?　　　　3. Was the painting by Leonardo da Vinci, bought by an art investor, actually painted by the artist?　　　　4. According to Patrick Connolly, a financial adviser at Chase de Vere, how risky does he think it is to invest in art?　　　　5. Which word used in the article means 'is certain that something will happen or exist'?　　　　　　1. The  of walking in the mountains at night are high but despite that, he's gone anyway.　　2. We're putting money into a special holiday  and hope we will have saved enough to go away next year.　　3. The  of living in a beautiful village is it is very expensive.　　4. We loved seeing the show at the theatre and meeting the actors afterwards was .　　5. Because I had lost my job, we didn't have much money and we had to live on a .