　　人人都渴望成功，希望找到通往成功的道路和秘诀。那些众人眼中的人生赢家们，在年轻时道路坦荡还是崎岖不平？他们付出了哪些换来了人人羡慕的人生？一起来看看人生赢家们25岁时都在干些啥。　　亚马逊创始人兼首席执行官杰夫-贝索斯有一份金融行业的美差　　At 24, the future Amazon founder and CEO went to work at Bankers Trust developing revolutionary software for banking institutions at that time, according to "Jeff Bezos: The Founder of Amazon.com" by Ann Byers.　　根据安-拜尔所撰写的《亚马逊创始人杰夫-贝索斯》一书，杰夫-贝索斯24岁时就已经在美国信孚银行工作了，当时的工作是为金融机构研发革命性的软件。　　Two years later, he became the company’s youngest vice president.　　两年后，他成为这家公司最年轻的副总裁。　　美国总统特朗普接管了父亲的房地产开发公司　　Trump grew up the wealthy son of a real-estate mogul.　　特朗普的父亲是一位房地产大亨，所以他是个富二代。　　At 25, the young real-estate developer was given control of his father’s company, Elizabeth Trump & Son, which he later renamed the Trump Organization, according to bio.　　根据自传，25岁时，特朗普接管了父亲的公司，之后他把公司名称从“特朗普母子公司”改为“特朗普集团”。　　Shortly thereafter he became involved in large, profitable building projects in Manhattan.　　其后不久，他开始参与曼哈顿的大型盈利建筑项目。　　Actress Jennifer Lawrence was an Oscar-winner raking in millions.　　詹妮弗-劳伦斯已经斩获奥斯卡奖，收入数百万美元　　Twenty-six-year-old Lawrence is Hollywood’s highest-paid actress, raking $46 million pretax over 12 months in 2016, and closer to $52 million in 2015, according to Forbes.　　詹妮弗-劳伦斯26岁时就已经成为好莱坞收入最高的女星。《福布斯》数据显示，她在2016年全年税前收入4600万美元，2015年收入接近5200万美元。　　By the time she was 25, Lawrence had starred in the box-office hit "Hunger Games" trilogy and worked alongside a star-studded cast in the "X-Men" series.　　25岁时，劳伦斯已经出演《饥饿游戏》三部曲，票房大卖，并在《X战警》中与一众明星合作。　　At 22, she became the second-youngest winner of the best actress Oscar for her performance in "Silver Linings Playbook," and she has won many more awards for her work.　　22岁时，她因出演《乌云背后的幸福线》成为史上第二年轻的奥斯卡最佳女主角。现在她已经获得了多个奖项。　　Apple cofounder Steve Jobs took his company public and became a millionaire.　　苹果公司创始人史蒂夫-乔布斯公司上市，成为百万富翁　　By the end of its first day of trading, in December 1980, Apple Computer had a market value of $1.2 billion, making its cofounders rich men. Jobs, one of the three cofounders, was 25.　　1980年12月，苹果公司上市首日封盘时，市值达到12亿美元，其共同创始人都成为富豪。三位创始人之一的乔布斯当时25岁。　　He later told biographer Walter Isaacson that he made a pledge at that time to never let money ruin his life.　　他随后告诉传记作家沃尔特-艾萨克森，他当时就发誓绝不让钱毁了他的生活。　　Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook was cash positive for the first time and hit 300 million users.　　马克-扎克伯格创建的脸书公司开始盈利，用户人数达到3亿　　Zuckerberg had been hard at work on Facebook for five years by the time he turned 25. In that year — 2009 — the company turned cash positive for the first time and hit 300 million users. He was excited at the time, but said it was just the start.　　扎克伯格25岁时，已经在脸书公司辛苦工作了五年。当年（2009年），脸书公司首次开始盈利，用户人数达到3亿。他当时很兴奋，但说这只是开始。　　The next year, he was named Person of the Year by Time magazine.　　第二年，他成为《时代》杂志年度人物。　　高盛首席执行官劳埃德-布兰克费恩做律师做得不开心　　The Goldman Sachs CEO didn’t take the typical route to finance. He actually started out as a lawyer. He got his law degree from Harvard at 24, then took a job as an associate at law firm Donovan Leisure.　　劳埃德-布兰克费恩走上财经的道路不同寻常。最初他是一名律师，24岁时获得哈佛大学法律学位，之后在Donovan Leisure律师事务所担任助理。　　I was as provincial as you could be, albeit from Brooklyn, the province of Brooklyn, Blankfein told William Cohen at Fortune magazine.　　布兰克费恩接受《财富》杂志采访时告诉威廉-科恩：“虽然我来自布鲁克林区，但我曾和你一样不谙世事。”　　At the time, he was a heavy smoker and occasional gambler. Despite the fact that he was on the partner track at the firm, he decided to switch to investment banking, joining J. Aron at the age of 27.　　当时他烟瘾很大，还偶尔赌博。尽管在律所他有希望当上合伙人，但他还是决定跳槽去投行，在27岁时加入杰润公司。　　Author J.K. Rowling came up with the idea for the ’Harry Potter’ series on a train.　　作家JK罗琳在火车上想出了“哈利波特”系列的创意　　Rowling was 25 when she came up with the idea for "Harry Potter" during a delayed four-hour train ride in 1990.　　1990年，25岁的罗琳乘坐的火车晚点了4个小时，期间她产生了创作“哈利波特”的想法。　　She started writing the first book that evening, but it took her years to finish it. While working as a secretary for the London office of Amnesty International, Rowling was fired for daydreaming too much about "Harry Potter," and her severance check would help her focus on writing for the next few years.　　她当晚就开始写第一本书，但写了几年才完成。当时她在国际特赦组织伦敦办公室担任秘书，因为总分心想着“哈利波特”思绪神游被解雇。她的离职补偿帮她在接下来的几年里专心写作。　　During these years, she got married, had a daughter, got divorced, and was diagnosed with clinical depression before finally finishing the book in 1995. It was published in 1997.　　随后的几年中，她结婚成家，还生了一个女儿，最终离婚，并被诊断患上了临床忧郁症。1995年她终于写完了这本书，并在1997年出版。　　Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had just graduated from Yale Law School.　　美国前国务卿希拉里-克林顿刚从耶鲁大学法学院毕业　　At 23, Clinton began dating fellow Yale Law student Bill Clinton. She ended up staying at school an extra year to be with her boyfriend, and received her law degree in 1973, just before turning 25. Her boyfriend proposed marriage after graduation, but she declined.　　23岁时，希拉里开始和耶鲁的同系同学比尔-克林顿约会。为了陪伴男友，她延期毕业一年，在1973年拿到法律学位，当时她快25岁。比尔-克林顿在毕业后求婚，但她拒绝了。　　That same year Clinton began working at the Yale Child Study Center. Her first scholarly article, "Children Under the Law," was published in the Harvard Educational Review in late 1973, when she was 25.　　同年，希拉里开始在耶鲁儿童研究中心工作。她的首篇研究文章《法律下的儿童》于1973年晚些时候发表在《哈佛教育评论》上，当时她25岁。　　After moving to Arkansas in 1975, Clinton agreed to marry Bill. She’d go on to become the first lady of Arkansas, the first lady of the US, a US Senator, and Secretary of State.　　1975年搬到阿肯色州后，希拉里答应了比尔-克林顿的求婚。后来她成为阿肯色州州长夫人、美国第一夫人、美国参议员以及美国国务卿。　　时尚设计师拉夫-劳伦在布克兄弟公司做销售助理　　The former CEO of Ralph Lauren was born Ralph Lifshitz in the Bronx, New York, but changed his name at the age of 15. He went on to study business at Baruch College and served in the Army until the age of 24 when he left to work for Brooks Brothers.　　拉夫-劳伦品牌前首席执行官出生在纽约布朗克斯，他原名拉夫-利夫希茨，在15岁时改名。之后他在伯鲁克学院读商科，并服兵役，24岁时到布克兄弟公司工作。　　At 26, Lauren decided to design a wide, European-style tie, which eventually led to an opportunity with Neiman Marcus. The next year, he launched the label "Polo."　　26岁时，拉夫-劳伦决定设计一款欧洲风格的宽领带，这让他获得了和高端百货店内曼-马库斯合作的机会。第二年，他创建了品牌“保罗”。　　Tesla and SpaceX CEO and founder Elon Musk was running his first internet company.　　特斯拉和SpaceX公司首席执行官和创建人伊隆-马斯克正经营他的首家互联网公司　　Before turning 25, Musk dropped out of his PhD program at Stanford to join the dot-com boom and launch his first internet company, Zip2, which provided business directories and maps,　　25岁前，马斯克在斯坦福大学读博期间退学，加入了网络公司创业热潮，开办了他的首家互联网公司Zip2，提供企业名录和地图服务。　　Compaq bought the company for $307 million four years later, and Musk used the money to launch his next startup venture, PayPal.　　四年后，康柏电脑公司以3.07亿美元的价格收购了这家公司。马斯克用这笔钱开办了另一家初创企业贝宝。　　星巴克执行总裁霍华德-舒尔茨在施乐公司做销售　　After graduating from Northern Michigan University, Schultz worked as a salesman for Xerox. His success there led a Swedish company named Hammerplast that made coffeemakers to recruit him at age 26.　　在北密歇根大学毕业后，霍华德-舒尔茨在施乐公司做销售。他的业绩很好，瑞典咖啡机制造商Hammerplast雇佣了他，当时他26岁。　　While working for that company, he encountered the first Starbucks outlets in Seattle, and went on to join the company at age 29.　　在这家公司工作时，他接触到了西雅图第一家星巴克门店，并在29岁时加入星巴克。　　America’s first lady of talk shows Oprah Winfrey was co-hosting a local talk show in Baltimore.　　美国脱口秀女王奥普拉-温弗瑞在巴尔的摩与人合作主持当地谈话节目　　According to the Huffington Post, Winfrey was fired from the 6 pm news slot at Baltimore’s WJZ-TV in 1977 at age 23.　　据《赫芬顿邮报》报道，1977年温弗瑞23岁时，被巴尔的摩WJZ-TV电视台晚间6点档新闻栏目解雇。　　In 1978, a 24-year-old Winfrey was recruited to co-host WJZ’s local talk show "People Are Talking." While there, she also hosted the local version of "Dialing for Dollars."　　1978年，24岁的温弗瑞受雇共同主持WJZ的当地谈话节目《人们在交谈》，在那里，她还主持了地方版的《打电话赢美元》节目。